default commit msgs for bitbucketServer (#15742)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/red-pens-tickle.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': minor
```

Sorry I forgot to point out that new features to 1.x packages should be a minor bump. I tried to be helpful and push an update to your branch but it looks like that's did not get reflected in this PR.

Author: From the description minor sounded like a breaking change and my change is not ^^

---

> Override default commit message and author details in BitbucketServer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ability to override the commit message and author details for the `publish:bitbucketServer` action.
```
